Logistic regression can identify important predictors of breast cancer using odds ratios and generate confidence intervals that provide additional information for decision-making. Model performance depends on the ability of the radiologists to accurately identify findings on mammograms.

In statistics, the logistic model (or logit model) is used to model the probability of a particular class or event existing, such as pass/fail, win/lose, alive/dead, or healthy/sick. This can be extended to model several classes of events such as determining whether an image contains a cat, dog, lion, etc. Each object is detected in the image would be assigned a probability between 0 and 1, and the sum adding to one.

Logistic regression is a statistical model that, in its basic form, uses a logistic function to model a binary dependent variable, although many more complex extensions exist. In regression analysis, logistic regression (or logit regression) is estimating the parameters of a logistic model (a form of binary regression). Mathematically, a binary logistic model has a dependent variable with two possible values, such as pass/fail, which is represented by an indicator variable, where the two values are labeled "0" and "1". In the logistic model, the log-odds (the logarithm of the odds) for the value labeled "1" is a linear combination of one or more independent variables ("predictors"); the independent variables can each be a binary variable (two classes, coded by an indicator variable) or a continuous variable (any real value). The corresponding probability of the value labeled "1" can vary between 0 (certainly the value "0") and 1 (certainly the value "1"), hence the labeling; the function that converts log-odds to probability is the logistic function, hence the name. The unit of measurement for the log-odds scale is called a logit, from the logistic unit, hence the alternative names. Analogous models with a different sigmoid function instead of the logistic function can also be used, such as the probit model; the defining characteristic of the logistic model is that increasing one of the independent variables multiplicatively scales the odds of the given outcome at a constant rate, with each independent variable having its own parameter; for a binary dependent variable this generalizes the odds ratio.

# What we’ll learn :
* How to build a Logistic Regression model for a Real-World Case Study
* Work on Google Colab
